Add a Makefile and documentation for automatically running SLOTHY (#805)
pq-code-package/mlkem-native: dev/aarch64_opt/src/README.md

[//]: # (SPDX-License-Identifier: CC-BY-4.0)

> # mlkem-native AArch64 back-end SLOTHY-optimized code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# mlkem-native AArch64 backend SLOTHY-optimized code
```

> This directory contains the AArch64 back-end _after_ it has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory contains the AArch64 backend _after_ it has
```

Reviewer: And everywhere else

Author: Done

been optimized by SLOTHY.

## Running SLOTHY from the Makefile

> If the "clean" back-end sources in `../../aarch64_clean/src/*.S` change,

Reviewer: Use a markdown link please to have it checked by CI. E.g. 
```suggestion
If the "clean" back-end sources in [`../../aarch64_clean/src/*.S`](../../aarch64_clean/src/) change,
```

Author: Done

then the `Makefile` in this directory can be used to re-generate the
optimized sources using SLOTHY.

> The Makefile requires a _particular_ set up. In short:
> 
> 1. Do NOT run from within the NIX environment.
> 2. You must have Python 3.11 on PATH (3.12 does not work at present)
> 3. You must have the LLVM tool `llvm-mc` on PATH.
> 4. You must have the slothy-cli on PATH.
> 5. You must start the SLOTHY Python virtual-environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Makefile requires you to have a working SLOTHY setup. Note that mlkem-native's nix shell does currently not include SLOTHY.
```

Reviewer: If the README in https://github.com/slothy-optimizer/slothy/ is out of date, let's update/improve that.

Author: Noted. I will check it and raise an Issue there if necessary.

## Example set up on macOS

On macOS, let's say we have SLOTHY installed below
$SLOTHY_ROOT, the mlkem-native repo in $MLKEM_NATIVE_ROOT, and llvm-mc in /opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin,
then

```
cd $SLOTHY_ROOT
# Force Python 3.11
pyenv local 3.11
# Start the python venv
source venv/bin/activate

# Add slothy-cli and llvm-mc to PATH
PATH=$SLOTHY_ROOT:/opt/homebrew/opt/llvm/bin:$PATH
export PATH

# Goto mlkem-native repo
cd $MLKEM_NATIVE_ROOT
cd dev/aarch64_opt/src
make
```

should apply SLOTHY to whatever clean assembly sources require processing.

Do
```
make -B all
```
to process all the sources.

> To build and test the newly optimized files, you need to re-run `autogen` and `tests all` but this time using the NIX Shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To transfer the newly optimized files into the main source tree [mlkem/native](../../../mlkem/native), run `autogen` from the `nix` shell.
```

Author: Done

## Current exceptions - file not processed by SLOTHY

At present, `rej_uniform_asm.S` is not passed through SLOTHY, owing to complexity
in its control flow. The Makefile simply copies this file from the "clean" directory unmodified.

An additional target in the Makefile called

> `rej_uniform_asm_with_slothy.S` can be use to force SLOTHY to run on these units. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`rej_uniform_asm_with_slothy.S` can be used to force SLOTHY to run on these units. This
```

Author: Done
